Another camera, and you're fine.
>> I don't know.
>> Is it working?
>> It's working.
>> Are you selfieing?
>> Yeah, this is my selfie cam.
My Gimbal selfie cam.
>> It works great.
>> Yeah.
So this way,
I can tape my meeting of Allen Downey.
>> Sweet.
>> That's gonna be sweet.
>> The moments.
>> The moment that I meet Allen.
>> That's how helpful.
>> It is.
>> Very cool indeed actually.
[LAUGH]
>> Folks,
that's Allen Downey,
who started the whole Think Java,
Think Python, revolution back 1999 and
I'm gonna meet him now.
For the first time.
>> And you can ask him that question, that
I should have asked him a long time ago.
Right?
>> So what are your thoughts, Jeff?
Right before we meet
the great Allen Downey?
>> I'm excited, I'm excited, I'm excited.
>> Okay.
>> [LAUGH]
>> It's very exciting, but
you've met Allen before.
>> I have, I have.
>> This is my first time.
>> But it's always exciting.
>> Exactly
>> [LAUGH
>> Hi.
>> It's Allen Downey.
>> [LAUGH]
>> I'm Charles Severance.
>> Charles, it's great to see you.
>> We're co-authors.
>> Yes.
>> We've never met in person.
We talked on the phone.
This is the famous Jeff Elkner of course.
>> I'm thrilled.
Jeff, it's nice to meet you.
>> Made famous by this guy.
>> [LAUGH] Yeah, well we all,
everybody got made famous.
>> That's right.
>> So
the first question I was asking Jeff, and
he doesn't even know the answer to.
Is why did you choose GFDL back in 1999?
That was before creative commons,
before OCW.
Before everything.
>> Yeah.
>> What possessed you?
>> You know actually the first version of
the book I put it under the Gnu three.
>> GFDL?
>> No, not.
>> GPL
>> The GPL.
>> Oh, you did GPL?
>> Because I didn't even
know about the FTL.
>> And
then somebody got a hold of you from MIT.
>> And they said, wait a minute,
this is documentation, this is not code.
You should have used this other
license and so I switched.
And then when Creative Commons came along,
some of those licenses have been useful.
>> Yep.
>> Actually part of the reason that
working with O'Reilly has
worked out very well.
>> Yeah.
>> I do things usually under
a non commercial
>> Yeah.
>> Creative Commons license.
And then that's kind of a compromise.
>> Yep.
>> It's maybe not ideal.
>> But
those are the details the why questions.
>> No the non-commercial's I think
a beautiful thing
>> Yeah.
>> And actually Creative Commons is
thinking about getting rid of it.
I'm sad about that, because I think
it's a fine middle ground, for
e-copies can be delivered free and
no one feels bad about that.
Print copies you make money off of so
it's pretty cool.
>> I agree.
I think there's a nice huge case for it.
>> So have you ever tried to count
the number of derivative books
of Think Python?
>> No.
>> Do you think it's 100, 200, 300?
>> I don't think it's 100.
>> How
to think like a computer scientist,
Java version.
The original.
>> If you go all the way back.
Yeah, all the way.
>> Java's the original.
There are a number of English language
books that are modified versions.
>> Including mine.
>> There are also- yep.
>> We need to get that data.
>> There are translations
into other languages.
>> I count those as separate ones.
>> Yep.
>> But
like Runestone like Brad Miller's stuff.
>> But then there's the interactive one.
>> The interactive ones, yes.
>> And then his book now.
>> Do you have an interactive version?
>> No, no, no, I just have the Python for
Informatics print and e-version.
>> Yeah, but that's been out for a while.
>> Yeah.
>> I did that many years ago.
And then I fought with Cambridge Press,
remember that?
>> Yes.
>> Remember those calls?
So but why did you give it away?
I mean it wasn't so
cool in 1999 just to give books away.
It was not normal.
>> True, no.
>> That's the question I had.
>> Can we pause?
I do wanna, I wanna finish
signing books so these folks are-
>> Okay, so we'll have to talk later.
>> Okay, okay, we'll get back to this.
>> Let's talk more.